Name: Kraven Goroth
Species: Tiefling
Class: Necromancer
Background:
Hailing from the land of _ _ _ _, Kraven dreamed of becoming a hero ever since he first learnt what the word meant. He wanted to weild a sword and cut down the forces of evil, rescue the princess and live happily ever after. His parents, though they could only afford a barely sustainable lifestyle, never discouraged him. In the year that Kraven turned 17, member of (Insert a cult name), visited their village to recruit people for their experiments. Offering to teach them how to become powerful and the promising power to those who succeed in the ordeals presented to them. The villagers happily offered those who had just come of age, hoping that once they achieve power they will spread the name of their village. Little did they know what awaited the seeds they hoped so much of. The gathered children were cooped in a dome where they had just enough room to sleep in. When they were not sleeping or eating, they were learning or training. They would be allowed a mere hour to spend time as they willed. Even the tiniest mistake would lead to lashes. Kraven was paired up with [[Lucretia]], an elf from another village. Their aptitude for learning was on par with each other. Their competitive nature made them overcome the hellish tutelage they had to endure, only fueling the flames of becoming great heroes. For 5 years they had consumed knowledge and gathered experience. The huge number of people gathered had thinned down. Death was their only escape. Yet the thought of escape never crossed Kraven's mind. He was decided on completing what he had started and becoming a hero. The date for the final trial arrived. They were dressed up in robes and taken to a great hall, ahead of them stood a huge metal door. Their first task was to open the door without touching it and making it to the other side. A lot of them struggled and were taken away after their failure. Very few made it, Kraven and Lucretia being the most skilled among them, were to be the last enter the final stage, as decided by the grand Priest. The two of them, now young adults waited their turn with anticipation. Kraven sensed some nervousness in Lucretia and convinced her that everything will be alright, they were gonna take the test together afterall. They were now the last ones standing in the waiting area. Kraven grabbed Lucretia's hand as they were ushered. As they entered the room, their nostrils were burned up by the smell of iron and fecal matter before their eyes could adjust to the light. Kraven heard a loud scream beside him and as his vision cleared, he found Lucretia on her knees, eyes covered and heaving. His first instinct was to calm her down but then he made the mistake of looking forward. A chill went down his spine as he saw there was an altar. He could not do much, his brain had failed to process anything, or refused to do so. He was stunned. The bloody entrails piled up behind stone altar was what had led to his breakdown. He then noticed two robed men approaching them, he looked at Lucretia who was now on the ground passed out. He tried to wake her up but he could not move. His body was not listening to him. One of the robed men gently picked Lucretia up and placed her on the stone altar. Kraven realised he had to do something and gave it his all to move his leg. The effort did not go in vain. His leg moved, albeit with great difficulty. As he had taken his third step and raised his hand infront of him, gesturing the robed men to stop, he felt a hand on his shoulder. Then came the voice of the Grandmaster, "Do you know how difficult it was to find you? The perfect vessel." As he finised those words, Kraven sensed a movement and down came a dagger on the unconscious Lucretia. Then proceeded down the middle of her body as chants filled the room. Kraven could not do anything as he saw his partner's body give way and innards fall out. Behind the alter, there was a stone basin which was not visible in the darkness until now. As the blood in the entire room started ignoring all laws, gathered in the basin, it lit up and from the blood rose, what Kraven identified as a monster. Then all he remembered was a blood-curdling cry from inside him. Later when he woke up, he was outside the huge gate, which they had to open to enter the exam hall. Blood and destruction around him. He had nothing on him, except whatever he was holding in his hands. He raised it up to see what it was and threw it away as soon as he realized. It was the headmaster's head.