
# Backstory
## Early Childhood
Born in the coastal Hobgoblin settlement of [[Bittermarsh]], Strarrul spent all his youth living in a place surrounded by dense trees of various kinds and occasionally, between the dense overgrowth of the forest and through the layers of leaves and branches you could catch a glimpse of the blue and white shoreline. Strarrul would sneak into watchtowers behind the unsuspecting gaze of **Vice Captain Thokka**, which was ironic since his name meant thunder and the only semblance of thunder one would get from Thokka was when he belched after chugging down a bottle of happy juice. Strarrul would often gaze at the vast expanse of grey shimmering sand and the black rugged stones at the bottom of a hill that met the sea, his eyes would follow the ocean waves as it crashed against the grey sand making dull white 
foam as if a beast frothing at the mouth, snapping its rows of jagged white teeth at the sand, challenging the latter to what seemed like an eternal contest between a leashed rabid dog and a million uninterested grey eyes staring at their one and only companion and foe. The sea unsettled Strarrul, in many ways he couldn’t describe and even if he tried no one wanted to lend an ear, not when the hobgoblin law says that all fear other than fear of the great god [[Maglukiyeth]] is a disgrace. Strarrul’s father **Captain Vakrug Greenskin** was a proud leader, he swore by the words of Maglukiyeth even if it meant not being a responsible father in order to raise a loyal army because you see Maglukiyeth had made no laws on bad parenting. Strarrul on the other hand hated bloodshed and never understood the point behind these long battles and skirmishes and inadvertently he despised the great goblinoid god Maglukiyeth too for a god whose only existence lies in the blood of the fallen is no real god, but he dared not to bring his hatred to the dinner table. Strarrul spent most of his time playing and fooling around with the other goblins and hobgoblins, stomping the playgrounds, whizzing past busy officials in the town hall under the nose of Thokka, zigzagging through the columns of the public hall, tiptoeing through the great kitchen ever so wary of **Aunt Grumshka** and her ladle of doom and through the fields of corn leaving in their wake a trail of crushed corn plants and angry farmers but never did he set a foot too close to the training grounds, to his father’s dismay, as he knew he would be roped into training with the other kids of his age, for the training ground instructor **Miss Tipgrima** knew that strarrul only looked younger than his peers but he still was a stout and healthy coming of age greenskin.
## Elven Attack
Strarrul’s uneventful days at [[Bittermarsh]] came to a sudden stand still when the watchtowers sounded an alarm with a deep bellowing GONG and just as Strarrul and his friends looked up at the towers the house right next to them erupted in flames, and through the smoke a battalion of elven soldier, some on foot and some on horseback stormed through the settlement gate, they started setting houses on fire with their divine magic and laid destruction upon every greenskin in their sights. The army responded with equal fervor, retaliating against their elven magic with their thick skins and tough armors. In the midst of all the flame, smoke and panic Strarrul noticed Thokka holding his own against 3 elven fighters he whipped his head to the other side and saw his father cutting through the main force of the elves with the help of his loyal vanguard, strarrul musters up some courage and picks up a chipped sword on the ground gives his best attempt at what seemed like a war cry and rushed into the battle in his father’ aid. He could barely keeping himself from falling to the ground from the blows of the elven warriors’ longswords and cursed himself for never taking Miss Tipgrima’s words seriously. Just as he was getting the hang of evading and parrying the blows from the elven warriors he saw a white glow at the corner of his eyes, an elven mage cloaked in divine aura was invoking a grand spell, an elven blast so strong it can raze a whole townhall to the ground and Strarrul was in it’s direct line of fire. Vakrug lunged at his son at the last second and took the brunt of the whole spell, the divine blast had melted through the thick layers of his armor and charred his skin to an indistinguishable color far from the green that Strarrul is used to seeing, dark viscous blood dripped from Vakrug’s back almost making it look like he’s wearing a cape made from otherwordly fabric that flows like a stream. Vakrug’s grip on his son’s shuddering body loosened, his eyes unfocused, starrul panicked and somehow dragged his half dead father away from the main forces near a pile of rubble that once used to be the public hall,” F-Father, what- what do I do? You’re bleeding, father what should I do?!” Strarrul said, the words struggling to escape his throat as he see’s the man who raised him struggling to breath, countless memories zipped in Strarrul’s young mind. The time his father took him to the Ravenvine Hilltop, where they camped under the starry night, his father telling him how his late mother named him after the stars in the sky, Strarrul the one born under a fateful star. The main purpose for their visit was to make a lumberhouse for storing chopped wood but all that mattered little to young Strarrul who got to enjoy his father’s company. Vakrug’s eyes blinked in and out of focus but he pressed his son’s cheek with his thick hand and muttered under his raspy breath,” Run my dear son, run”.
## The Escape
strarrul escapes by the sea watching as his city burns to the ground. after some days he washes ashore being woken up by a serine human woman who takes her in as her own. That woman being one of the knights of Genesis [[Annanora Solstice]] who worshipped [[God Of Genesis]] Aevita. under her care he grew up well and strong joining [[The Church Of Genesis]] himself and picking up a sword for a reason he felt right. when he too joined the knights of genesis Annanora gave her a pendent shaped like a gear (holy symbol of church of genesis) saying "*Believe it or not boy this was given to me by the mother of all life herself*". strarrul took the pendent with a smile but somewhat unsure of the validity of this claim.
## The Blood Cult
On one of his Crusades as He was traveling through the now Rebuilt City of BitterMarsh looking at the remnants of the past
but before he could process his feelings he saw 4 men in red robes take away a child. sensing something shady is going on he followed their trail far from the city and deep into the forest. the child appeared to be unconscious as they reached a clearing . by magic they appeared to be teleporting! he rushes in to stop them fighting valiantly pushing them towards defeat when one of them binds him with magic giving the others just enough time to cast a teleportation spell to send strarrul away.  